feat(1332): Implemented SSI library (#1069)
1-Platform/one-platform: packages/opc-base/README.md

# Opc-Base

Opc-Base is an npm package that provides authentication, toast notification, injecting logic into opc components like `opc-nav`, drawer components etc.

## Getting Started

> To setup the config, just copy the `config.example.json` file, rename it as `config.json` and provide the configuration values needed to load the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `config.example.json` file, rename it as `config.json` and provide the configuration values needed to load the variables.
```

Author: Done

### Installation

- ```sh
    npm install
  ```

### Development Setup

To start the live build with rollup

- ```sh
   npm run build:watch
  ```

To start the development server

- ```sh
   npm run dev
  ```

## Docs

1. [opc-base](./docs/opc-base.md)
1. [opc-provider](./docs/opc-provider.md)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

To start the development server. Server will be available in `localhost:5000/dev`

### `npm test`

> Runs the jest testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs the e2e test cases with jest
```

### `npm run build`

> Rollup build in production mode. Build will be available in `dist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates build in production mode. Build will be available in `dist` directory.
```

Author: Done
